<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<title>Ben Whitehead 12/6/2016</title>

<xmp theme="united" style="display:none;">


#Seven Month Check-in 

``December 6, 11:00, Upstairs Right ``

##Worried about the future of PHP at ADP

* PHP is not being used for the big projects at Adpearance
* FourSite is a mess, but "getting better"
* All sites moving to FourSite: **Pape, Fairchild**

**SOLUTION: I would like to start tranisitioning into maintenance on foursite projects as well. **

I have coded Java plenty, and based on the code/practices I've seen thus far at adp. I would like to be a part of the project. Either that or, I would liek to be able to at least write my own scrpaers using the Java that Andrew has written, I could get started with this for POA. There are a couple fields missing from his scraper. Also, we're going to need to write a bunch more of these when POA agrees to it.  


##Getting mixed messages: 
``no consensus on priority, getting passed around without being able to make significant impact``

1. **Pape Construction:** random tasks popping up before anything was complete, and especially during the finalization process (putting things into git, compiling styles). I was asked to change the functionality of the equipment filter entirely. After agreeing with Mina and Cody on a finalized design, which handled all concerns from a usability and SEO perspective. Right as the project was nearing completion, I was called in for a redesign, which added another month of dev time. **If they were not allowed to make those decisions about final design and usability, they should not have been in the meeting.**

2. **PMs need to get their shit together specifically for Pape.** I have wasted time trying to ge the appropriate styles for certain features. Then they change their mind, and decide that they do in fact want all of the new styles to go live. PAPEMH https://adpearance.jira.com/browse/PAPE-1643 1.5 hours spent getting all styles, and 5-6 hours on https://adpearance.jira.com/browse/PAPE-1626 trying to get the specific files for a given feature. This is partially the deisgners fault as well, for not having their changes in version control.

3. Getting passed to POA, after **working-extra on PAPEMH** (the 1.5 hours from above), and completely skipping DCI, which I spent 30 minutes in a meeting to discuss the day before. Becky took some of this work, but I am expected to do the rest today, **a week away from original context => more dev time**. Now we're behind on **POA, DCI, and PAPE** while work is coming in from KAI.

**SOLUTION: COMPLETELY IGNORING ANY NON-CRITIAL ATTEPT AT COMMUNICATION (HIPCHAT, IN PERSON). Reading emails only once per day.**

## Issue with designers not taking ownership of their code (all the way to prod)
1. **pape construction** : different components being used between dev and live, homepage not approved, new equipment section approved (using these new components) cannot take all styles because it would effect the homepage as well
2. **papemh** : different components being used between dev and live, homepage not approved, new equipment section approved (using these new components) cannot take all styles because it would effect the homepage as well. I had to be pulled off POA to work on Pape, so that I designer could work on it 12/2. Took an hour of time that I should have been working on POA
SOLUTION: properly using git with branches. I should not have to manage the differences between style sheets. There is a high chance for error here, and I don't know what I'm doing.
3. **compressing js/css** : this is a very basic task and the desaigners need to be able to do it, they should be developing with minified css, and we need to be using sourcemaps so we can see which sass files need to be modified on prod or dev.

**SOLUTION: Git/Gulp Workshops or simply let me be the guy who handles these questions, this is ownership of code, and a quality insurance. Also helps us know who to ask if we have an issue with it.**

## Security Concerns
* Disabling a users access to a given dev/prod server
* Upset employee could bring down our entire network, and all of our repos becasue of the way it is setup right now.
* Allowing clients to choose their host (everything needs to be on AWS)
* No client should have a choice on which host they are going to use, everybody needs to be on AWS

**SOLUTION: VPN to our aws network, single SSH key for each user to this VPN, and SSH keys from there to each box. Then SSH keys for git repos**

</xmp>

<script src="http://strapdownjs.com/v/0.2/strapdown.js"></script>
</html>