---
layout: post
title: "Spoke.Coffee"
quote: 
image: /assets/images/Spoke.JPG
video: false
---

Last weekend I had the opportunity of being a part of Portland Startup Weekend. I learned a tremendous amount about networking, hustling, and hacking. I had never been a part of a startup before, but I was willing to make mistakes and learn. Spoke.Coffee won best customer validation! As [**Quinn Rohlf**](htpp://www.qrohlf.com) mentioned in our final presentation this was due to our wonderful team. Not only the developers, but the designers, and the finance guys. We worked extremely well together, and everybody learned a lot.

I am happy with the result, but I think there were a couple of things that we could have done better. During our presentation, we did not do a good enough job of showing off our distribution system. It was extremely impressive, and I feel like the judges did not mind it any attention. When the customer places an order, the biker instantly recieved a push notification containing their name, phone number, address, and any additional information necessary (customer supplied) to fulfill the delivery. It wasn't very hard to code, but a very simple and working model. We could have improved it yes, but for 6-7 hours of hacking, it worked pretty well. 

We are not going to continue the project. This was an extremely fun, especially sharing the idea with people. We had customers and orders, with a model that actually paid off. We sold approximately 20 cups of coffee. Here is the video we used in our presentation. 

---
<iframe width="700" height="394" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/XNg38qce6gA" frameborder="0"> </iframe>